OK we have been talking about the concrete models with the input values educates some function and then
the activation functions in the previous lecture.
So let's see a concrete example.
So let's suppose that we have for example three input.
Now roans of course with three values for example 1 1 and 0.
These are going to be the input values for this.
Now we're on this now we're on and this now we're on we have been talking about that every single edge.
We have an agile way.
Well you 0.2 minus 0.5 and 0.4.
We have the SUM function and the activation function that we go when to calculate the output for this
given now on.
What about the sum the SUM function is going to take all the inputs multiplied by the edge weight.
So X1 times w 1 plus the second input times the second adulate plus x 2 times W2.
And we have the last input with the last educate.
So plus x three times W3 it's equal to warn times.
0.2 OK plus 1 times minus 0.5 OK and is zero times 0.4.
OK this is the last term if you calculate it it's going to be equal to minus 0.3.
So this is going to be a value after the sum function.
But we have been discussing that we have to apply the step function on the sum.
So we have calculated the sum which is equal to minus 0.3 and we have to use the step function on that
given.
Well you and the stat function is going to return 0 if the input is smaller than 0.
Anyways it's going to return a possible arm.
So here because the input for the step function is smaller than zero the output is going to be zero.
So this is why we can say that if we have three inputs with these values and the educates with these
values then the output on a decent our own is going to be zero.
Let's see another example.
In this case the inputs are going to be won won and won and the edge weights are going to be 0.2 0.5
and 0.7.
Again we have to calculate the sum X-1 times double you won plus x 2 times W2 plus x 3 times double
use three.
So one time is 0.2 plus one at times 0.5 plus a one 0.7 is the last term.
It's going to be equal to 1.4.
And because a 1.4 is greater than zero it's going to be one as you can see.
So the output of this.
Now we're on is going to be plus warm.
And basically this is how our networks work.
We have important values.
We have data educates.
We have to sum these actuates and the input values up.
First we have to apply the given inputs with the given actuates and we have to some of these values
and then the step function.
And basically in general the activation function is going to determine what is going to be the output.
This is what we have been discussing that for a stat function the output can be 1 or 0.
But for a sigmoid function the output can be any real the values between 0 and 1.
For example 0 0 0 0 1 0 4 6 7 and something like this.
And this is what we are looking for because if we have these zero where in one output of course.
Now our own network is not going to Virga fine.
We want to make sure that little change in the actuates are going to Coe's little change in the output.
As you can see here we have a very very little.
OK not that really will change but as you can see we have changed the WTU from minus 0.5 to plus 0.5.
Okay and we have changed the input.
So this is not a very very good example but basically illegal changing the educates and the import result
in completely different output zero down one.
OK.
So that's all about the concrete example for O'Berry very simple.
Now we're on that network and Perceptor on tanks or.